[Music]
Do you remember that by the way, the
bastard crashes, right?  I think he doesn't want to
come, huh?  I think I think he doesn't like me
.  Give it, give it time, give it
time.  I wrote to him, he didn't
answer me and I said, "Well, he'll
read me, right?"  No, but of course, the other day they
reminded me in the chat, eh, that we had
a problem 3 years ago with the
multi-accounts that you uploaded here, and we
also talked about it. Do you remember
Eugenio who had a multi-account
dedicated to me and such?  But I,
you see, I didn't even remember that.  I
mean, if you mention it to me, yes, but I didn't
have it in mind and I wrote to him with
all my might, [ __ ], I would have loved it
because I'm looking forward to some
of these YouTubers coming, right?  So as not to
always bring someone related to
politics and so on, right?  And he didn't
answer me and people in the chat reminded me
.  He says, "Sure, [ __ ], how is he going
to answer you if he's mad at you?"
Say, "Give it time, give it time."  Well,
little by little.  Crash, give us, give us give us
a chance.  Well, do you remember
the mess they made over Choca with what he
said about his friend? It's true
that it was unfortunate, at least the
way he told it, right?  He later
explained that they took out an ad for him.
Yes, of course, the ministry's announcement and
everything.  Clear.  Okay, so look what
a Spanish Television contributor said
on a program, uh, on a
public program.  I found a
nightclub full of super-muscled,
shirtless, and very affectionate men.  They were
dancing, hugging you, kissing you, and
my friend said, "[ __ ], what
happened?"  I mean, I've been at home for 7 years
and everyone has sort of
agreed to be
nice in my absence.  What was
I doing to society?  The old people,
"No, shut up, he told me, [ __ ], it's
the drugs again."  Of course, because I
stopped going to clubs before
ecstasy and pills came along, so
people would shoot up and get high like crazy
and all that.  7 years I have been confined to my house,
people come to get rich, if they look
so crazy, such a super-sick person.  I
got there, of course, I wasn't doing
anything, I was abusing those guys all the
time, I mean, and I was thinking, damn, you should
n't have been doing anything
, you touch, then I'll come along already having
taken two, but I'm fresh and
naughty and I'm going to touch your
tits.  Indeed.  Why is
this happening to you?  for not having
drugged yourself.  Irene Montero hasn't come out to
say that this one and Carla Galeote to say
that this one and everyone else who said that
Chocas was this.  It has passed him by.  They
have forgotten.  That's why I posted the
video, just in case you missed it
.  All these people
really need to be taken out.  It must be
spit out.  I mean, these people are the
people who have been there, these people are the people
who have been teaching
people how they should live, how they should
respect.  And now all of a sudden he
comes out saying what he just said is that he
is an
abuser.  That's what he just said, he didn't
say, I abused these people however
I wanted, because I had a
drink, but I was cool.  Yes, yes, yes.   It
's scary.  He said it
calmly.  They're not going to make an
announcement, he shouldn't have taken drugs
and they're not going to make an announcement about this one.   It
hasn't passed them by.  I put the
clip.  Dig, well, let's see if we can
be on channel one, well, now they've
moved it to channel two because he collaborates
on this program precisely, in addition
to Carlota Corredera, Bernal Tribiño and
all this whole troop.  The one who
now says that no, that the father should not be
called father, right?  Also another one.
Now you can no longer call yourself father or
mother.  You have to say I don't know what the [ __ ],
the special friend and his [ __ ] mother.  Well,
I am a father and people are apart from the father
.  But they really are
[ __ ].  In the end, in the end, in the end
they are idiots.  In the end they are idiots.
What do you want me to say?  Look, the one who
lives life the way we do,
I think in the end they're happier, with
all the problems we have, much
happier than all these morons,
really
, I mean, I'm freaking out.  I mean, they made
a [ __ ] ad for Chocas, they made
another ad for Pablo Motos, I mean,
for Pablo Moto, but on top of that, Pablo
Moto's thing was like a click taken out of
context.  But it was the
presentation, the presentation of the
underwear.  Exactly.  And he asked her,
"Do you sleep in such underwear?"  I mean,
these people really need to be
kicked out, I'm not going to say, but they really need to be
kicked out.  This one in particular just
admitted you are an abuser.  This one needs to be
taken out of there a bit, okay?
And what is coming out there and what
is hidden there, what is going to
come out there.  In the end, all these people,
man, are
just scum, right?
And in the end, look, there's one thing that's
very important that
someone told me many, many
years ago, who was a Tis coach
, "In life, the important thing isn't
how you start or how you develop, the
important thing is how you finish the last
third of your life. That's what's important,
okay? And these people for a long time
have been there like, "Wow, and they're
going to live that last third of their life like
[ __ ]." And I'm glad. And I'm
glad, because in the end, the
bad one comes out and the moralist comes out. Look what's
happening with all the
politicians, what's happening with the
actors, with the other one who said
why the squatters had to be removed and
suddenly he goes off with two friends to beat
the [ __ ] out of the squatters. In the end, all
this, all the moralists, all those
who give you morals and tell you this and
that, end up hurt and
screwed. It happens in all areas and the
same thing will happen, the same thing will happen.  On
YouTube, eh, all those
moralists who go around all day
saying, "Look, look, look,
look, and criticizing, criticizing and
saying this and that, in the end it
always happens, in the end things work out."
So, Ricky, Ricky is going to
trial, I don't know if you've heard.  In the
end, in the end I'll tell you one
thing, whoever acts like a moralist and whoever
tries to do harm, trying to do
harm, ends up screwed.  Because one thing is
for you to laugh, to say I don't know what, to
say I don't know how much, I mean, eh, well I do
n't know, this week, for example,
Laserl is making 30,000 videos of me,
right?  Well, well, he makes 30,000
videos.  I'm already immune to that.
But it does, but that's what I'm telling you, it makes
30,000 videos.  Well, then you
fight or you say something or you
throw a dig at him.  You don't do things
to hurt either, you know?  That's it.
Yes, for me it's a bit of a waste,
isn't it?  But I don't see it.  But it is that
damage.  Let's see, I don't know.  Well, it doesn't
hurt me, you know?  It doesn't
hurt me, okay?  There are other things that
can hurt me more, you know, many
things that can hurt me much more
.  That doesn't make sense to me.  Let's
see, say, the kid makes those videos,
such, I, well he says I don't know what.  I
say, "Don't fall off the ladder."  And
then he says, "Son of a [ __ ], eh, any
day now, well, I don't know, you understand?"  But it does
n't hurt me, just like it doesn't
hurt you.  You file a complaint
because you feel like it because there
comes a time when, well, no,
those people don't do any harm.  The one who does
harm, the one who does harm is usually the
moralist, moralist, moralist.  And there are
three or four on YouTube right now that
one has been discovered recently, one
that has one that has been discovered
recently, right?  who was a
moralist and now and now, which one are you
referring to?  But wait, I can
think of a few for free.  What do you mean
by the cap?  Cap, the one who opens
trees.  Oh, I haven't talked to you about
that.  I didn't know you found out.
Did you see what he said to the woman?  Yes, I
heard about it.  Yes, I heard about it.  And it is very strong,
very strong, very strong.  That's why I tell you
that there are people who are bad and there are people
who do things in their own bad way.  That's
bad.  That's bad.  That's being bad.   That's
why I tell you that you have to differentiate between the one who
does evil and the one who has
fun pissing you off,
okay?  or saying that buah, we have to
differentiate that and there are people who are for
those who don't know what we're
talking about, eh, Juanjo Blow is a youtuber
with whom I used to fight a
few years ago, eh, people won't
remember that he's a boy,
nobody sees him anymore, eh, he had a fight with a friend
who was a follower of his, a moderator of
this one, he was like his right hand man, he was
her friend and she's an elderly lady whose
daughter died a year ago
in a suicide, the girl took her own life
, she had problems and such and she
took her own life a year ago, eh, I mean, the
woman, you see, you never get over that
in life, but well, much less in a year.
Well, this Juanjo had a fight with her
and in a live broadcast he told her that, well,
you have the la no te no te I don't
wish you any harm.  I don't wish you anything bad
because you deserve it divinely.  Life
has already given it to you.  Heaven has already
given you your condemnation, hasn't it?  As bad as
you are, something like that.  But you realize that it
's already the second person, this girl
who committed suicide, the girlfriend of freedom and
whatever comes up.  His friend Joan Plana
also came out and said the
same thing.  We remember that.  I
haven't talked to you about that subject.  I don't know
what you had found out.
[Music]